# sig-server2
A game server for agar.io-like games, specifically implementing the Sigmally.com
protocol. It's essentially an optimized rewrite of
[https://github.com/Luka967/OgarII](OgarII) and
[https://github.com/8y8x/sig-server](sig-server), being about 10x faster under
real-world conditions, while still being written in pure JavaScript.

The physics are identical to OgarII. Many quirky behaviours of OgarII are
preserved or simplified. Behaviour not found on Sigmally.com, such as monotone
virus pops, spawning from ejected cells, and minion ERTP controls are not
implemented.

In addition, sig-server2 shouldn't suffer from memory leaks (unlike OgarII and
sig-server), so it can run for a very long time without ever restarting.

sig-server2 also has the following **new** features:
- A web console hosted at `localhost/console`, where authorized users can log in
	with a key generated by the `key-add <name>` command and remotely run most
	commands.
- SSL support, turn on the `listenerSecure` setting and drop in a
	`fullchain.pem` and `privkey.pem` file into the server directory, and make
	sure to change `listenerPort` from 80 to 443.
- Savestates, run `savestate-add` to take a snapshot of the entire game, and
	restore it later with `savestate-restore`. It even works if players leave
	and come back later (with the same name).
- New commands: `heap-snapshot`, `key-add`, `key-del`, `key-list`, `mass-all`,
	`merge-all`, `safeexit`, `savestate-add`, `savestate-restore`,
	`savestate-delete`, and `uncorrupt`.
- New settings: `listenerSecure`, `consolePort`, `worldPlayerBotIgnorePlayers`,
	`leaderboardMaxLength`, `leaderboardShowMass`, `leaderboardShowBots`, and
	`leaderboardUpdateDelay`.

# How to use
sig-server2 relies on Node.js and uWebSockets.js.
1. Install Node.js from https://nodejs.org. Any version of Node.js that's not
	old and end-of-life (EOL) will work. If you're on Windows, make sure it
	comes with "build tools".
2. Download the sig-server2 repository and extract it.
3. Open the sig-server2 folder in a terminal.
4. Run `npm install` to install uWebSockets.js.
5. Run `node .` to start the server. Press `Ctrl + C` in the terminal once or
	twice to stop the server.

To connect to the server, you need Sigmally Fixes.
1. If you don't have it already, install
[https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/483587-sigmally-fixes-v2](Sigmally Fixes)
by following the instructions there.
2. Open https://one.sigmally.com/?ip=ws://localhost/sigmally.com in your browser
to play Sigmally on your private server (localhost).

While the server's running, you can run commands like `help` or `setting` in the
console.

To change server settings, open the settings.json file in a text editor (like
Notepad), make your changes, and save. If the server's still running, run the
`reload` command in the console.

# License
MIT license
